well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
santa
and the issues that santa has to
overcome this year
as well as what we can all learn from
santa
so even if you're an adult stick around
we're going to focus on some
questions that that came from a child
and hopefully address some of the
concerns
the main questions were whether or not
santo was going to be able to do what he
normally does
because of people not being able to
cross
international borders and the fact
that because the public health issue
has reached antarctica it is safe to
assume
it has also reached the north pole
first i want to take a moment just to
appreciate
the level of thought that this child has
because that's amazing um
and now let's actually talk about it
christmas will be fine
there's no doubt in my mind the north
pole
has its own approval process for
treatments and it moves a lot faster
than the united states as dr fauci
said santa has already been vaccinated
he'll be fine and they didn't have
issues up there because santa cared
about his workers
and made sure that everybody was
distanced so they didn't have any issues
when it comes to crossing international
lines
it should be noted that this is santa he
has plans for everything
he has dealt with this before back in
1918 and he did fine
he has a bunch of volunteers who are
willing to help him out
in countries that he may not be able to
get access to
because of travel bans
now it is worth noting that because the
workers were socially distanced and to
protect them
that production was lower so
this christmas may not be as big as
christmases of the past but rest assured
christmas will occur it's important to
note that all of these people
volunteered because the true
spirit of the holiday is one of giving
and you have a whole bunch of people all
over the world willing to give their
time
and energy to make sure that this comes
off
now i hope that
alleviates this child's concerns
for the adults i would like to point out
that this year like many other years
there are people all over the world that
cross
international boundaries that this idea
permeates and reaches people who don't
agree on anything else
but they come together for this one
thing there's no government force
involved
there's no coercion it just becomes a
cultural norm
for a subset of people it's not
worldwide it's not
everybody but for a large group of
people
this is a cultural norm and it's
something that
transforms a whole month
and there's nothing forcing them to do
it laws weren't changed
thought was and that's how this came
about
the volunteers that all
act individually in pursuit of this goal
are santa's community networks
and they literally alter
the entire month in the area where this
is a common practice
and this is something that is generally
something that could be polarizing
because many people do their best
to divide people among religions
but at this time of year people tend to
come together
in the areas where this is celebrated
wasn't law it wasn't any form of
coercion
it just became a cultural norm because
people got behind it
and made it a thing for those things
that government seems intractable on
those things that government will not
act on
you don't have to change the law you
have to change
thought make it a cultural norm
to care about the environment to care
about your fellow man
whatever it is and you just have to
start it
you have to start doing it and don't
hide the fact
that it's important to you and it can
spread
just the way the current version
of christmas spread
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day merry christmas